hey my friend just texted me and she  says hey are you okay i saw your call  no  i'm not okay because i'm not sure  if people love me  i'm i'm i'm not quite sure  if people are willing to have me locked  up  or if they're willing to first try to  say  what can i do for you my friend why  would someone lock you up says hackie  because they think that's best for me  guys don't assume that i need medication  i'll tell you right now i need  meditation let me try that first  just please  just let me try for can i buy you a  coffee eternal yes you can  you can order it on ubereats and have it  delivered to the location of my desire  and if you don't want to do it i'm going  to order you a coffee what can i do for  what can i do for you my friends what do  you need from me who locked you up  who locked me up  who locked me up i'll tell you people  who were doing the best they could  that's who locked me up okay i was  forced medicated because somebody  believed that was best for me i forgive  them but i don't want to do it again  this is sounding like a manic episode  okay happy let me prove to you that it's  not  [Music]  packy let me prove to you it's not a  manic episode  okay  packy  how could meditate  hacky how can i prove to you that this  is not a manic episode  i'm not manic  i'm inspired in spirit to be a good  friend  it's not mania  i'm an entertainer  this is for entertainment purposes only  gotcha guys  don't assume i'm mentally ill here's  what i need i need to have coffee with  my dad  that's what i need  that's all i need  and if i can't have coffee with my dad  you seem a little hostile i'm not  i'm not going to touch you  i'm not going to touch myself  actually  i just want to play my guitar my friend  call your dad i can't call my dad  he's at work he cares too much about  other people to relax  he puts everybody else before himself  just like me i get it from my dad  i love you guys because i want to put my  ass on the line because i just want to  sing you a song let me get some clothes  on my friends  now listen  i don't know what kind of situation  you're in  okay i don't want anybody to be hurt but  first before i determine if you're a  danger to yourself or others i have to  ask you a few questions  how is this girl by herself lorna  because i called 30 friends last night  and i told him i just needed a friend  and nobody would come over  [Music]  because they thought they knew what was  best for me now here's what i need at 8  56. i need you to let me go get a nice  shirt  it's gonna be okay i hope so guys  because i don't need the hospital i  think somebody else who might be having  a heart attack needs the hospital guys  i'm good  right now i'm good  i'm not gonna hurt myself and i'm not  gonna hurt anybody else actually  unfortunately  i i love people so much i would actually  risk my life before i  guys i'm putting my ass on the line here  because i love you more than i love my  own privacy why would they not come over  i don't know maybe they had an  appointment don't judge them  don't judge them nobody would come over  i called my top 30 friends last night  and nobody would come over that's okay  guys i love you guys maybe you're busy  it's not your fault  it's not your fault  it's okay i'm not mad  again why didn't you call me  oh my god  oh my god you are my friend cause i lost  my phone and i lost your number  and i have too many messages i have a  friend who just sent me a message  who i can call okay so send me a private  message  if i don't lose my facebook account hey  my friend  my friend just sent me a message he says  what the f am i watching you're watching  a girl who loves her dad my name is  aaron i love my dad  somebody just told me he doesn't know  not schizophrenia hey amanda haydard do  you have schizophrenia  amanda haydar can i check your mental  health records talk to all your friends  and family amanda haydar  schizophrenia here we go baby don't do  this don't make me do this  don't assume  say what can i do no i'm not on drugs  actually i'm completely sober but  somebody wants me on drugs because they  think i have schizophrenia when i don't  no one is judging you guess what all my  friends and family are judging me right  now except for you babe you've got a  friend in me  you gotta now shut up and let me sing my  [ __ ] song  i'm gonna go get changed because if i do  it naked you're gonna think are you a  fan of trudeau exo manzilla are you a  fan of your friends and family start  there  brb guys  don't assume what's going on  you don't know who the [ __ ] i am i  didn't say she didn't [ __ ] say you  guys hey listen this is billboard the  stand-up comedian okay i'm aaron  janice's boyfriend my name is bill  [ __ ] burn okay my name is bill  [ __ ] burn okay i'm aaron  janice's boyfriend  okay my name is bill [ __ ] bum stop  [ __ ] judging her  okay bill thank you thank you  see that's my boyfriend yeah i'm the  [ __ ] boyfriend my name's bill bug  have you ever seen my stand-up comedy  [ __ ] like go get a [ __ ] makeup  button send you a [ __ ] son jesus  [ __ ] pricey guys unbelievable  someone wants to know are you okay  sweetie  um  i am okay yes i am  someone says for me to get my meds  please erin okay g underscore  adrienne ss please get your meds okay  you want me to get my meds  i have my meds is she okay guys relax  stop this life have some rest and  meditation someone call her family this  is not okay okay  medge gardener 90. stop this live have  someone call medge gardener 90s family  this is not okay mitch gardner 90 i'm  worried about your mental health and i  think all of your friends and family  need to call you because you need some  rest of meditation guys don't assume  what i need  don't assume what i need i told you what  i need i need to sing a song and play my  guitar will you let me do that or do you  want to have me locked up  do you want to call my friends and  family and prevent me from playing a  song  guys i'm not going to hurt myself quite  hella i'm not somebody else might hurt  me though because they think they know  what's good for me  aaron just sing the [ __ ] song okay  holy [ __ ] [ __ ] she's got billboard  the stand-up comedian as a boyfriend and  you still won't [ __ ] let her sing a  song holy [ __ ] do you need to see me do  you need to see the bell [ __ ] bar is  standing beside her holy [ __ ] man my  name is built by the stand-up comedian  let us sing a [ __ ] song holy [ __ ]  this nihilism  runs  thief  and it conveys  uh it conveys and betrays  a certain contempt  for the meaning and importance of our  work here  that what we do so long as we claim that  it is a joke doesn't matter  that what we say here doesn't matter  that our actions every day as elected  leaders in the united states of america  doesn't matter  that this chamber and what happens in it  doesn't matter  and i am here to rise to say that it  does  our work here matters  our example  matters  there is meaning  in our service  and as leaders  in this country  when we incite violence  with depictions against our colleagues  that trickles down into violence in this  country  and that is where we must draw the line  independent of party identity or belief  it is about a core recognition of human  dignity and value and work  so when we talk about as mentioned in  the resolution  that these depictions  are part of a larger trend  of misogyny  and racial  racism  this has resulted in  dampening participation  and so this vote is not as complex  as perhaps the republican leader would  like to  make jokes uh believe  it's pretty it's pretty cut  do you find does anyone in this chamber  find this behavior acceptable  would you allow depictions of violence  against women against colleagues  would you would you allow that in your  home  do you think this should happen on a  school board  [Music]  in a city council  in a church  and if it's not acceptable there why  should it be accepted here  lastly  when the republican leader rose to talk  about how there are all of these double  standards and lists of litanies of all  these different things  not once  did he list an example of a member of  congress threatening the life of another  this is not about a double standard and  what is unprecedented  and what's tragic is the descent  of transgression in this body  i grew up as a little girl  with awe  about our nation's capital  the reverence and the importance and the  gravity of our work here  additional 30 seconds  recognized the gravity of our work here  so ma the question that i pose to this  body in response  is will we live up to the promises that  we make our children  that this is a place where we will  defend one another regardless of belief  that our core human dignity matters  [Music]  now this nihilism  runs  deep  and it conveys  uh it conveys and betrays  a certain contempt  [Music]